There is only one thing here. If Jesus is God then he is not the son of God. Because he is God he cannot be the son of who he is. Prove that you can be you and your father at the same time and still be you. The bible has many verses saying he is the son of God. If he is God then the bible is lying because the bible says he is the son of God. If he is God then the bible lies when it says that God cannot die. Jesus Died on the cross, do you believe he did not die on the cross. If you don't believe Jesus died on the cross then you are an antichrist. Same as anyone who says that he is God. If anyone says Jesus is not the son of God he is an antichrist.So if you say that Jesus is God then you are saying he is not the son of God since you say he Is God. The fact that Jesus will sit on the throne of God does not mean that he is God. God gave him the throne. God promised David that his throne would last forever. Even Solomon sat on Gods throne
1 Chronicles 29:23:
So Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king in place of his father David. He prospered and all Israel obeyed him.
The fact that he sat on Gods throne does not mean he is God. Jesus is the one who was to inherit the Throne of the LORD forever. That does not make him God. God gave his kingly throne to men because people rejected him to be their king. So he gave his throne to men.
1 Samuel 8:7
And the LORD told him: "Listen to all that the people are saying to you; it is not you they have rejected, but they have rejected me as their king.

Jesus warns about the doctrines of men, one of which is the Trinity. If it was in the bible why was it necessary for people to meet in order to discuss whether it was a good doctrine? Banishing and killing people who do not believe in their doctrines.
Why is it that every letter of Paul starts by differentiating God and our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ:
2 Corinthians 1:3 >>> Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort.

1 Timothy 1:2 >>>  To Timothy my true son in the faith:Grace, mercy and peace from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.

1 Timothy 1:1-10 >>> To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.


Lets Move on To Jesus Being The son of God. Why is he called the the only beggoten son of God.
1. Jesus Christ is is the only man sired by the Spirit of God.
            Luke 1:35 >>>> The angel answered, "The Holy Spirit will come on you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you. So the holy one to be born will be called the Son of God.
             The verse explains why he will be called the Son of God: because The Most High overshadowed a virgin.

Lets look at the foundation of the church of Jesus Christ:
Matthew 16:14-19:

14 They replied, “Some say John the Baptist; others say Elijah; and still others, Jeremiah or one of the prophets.”

15 “But what about you?” he asked. “Who do you say I am?”

16 Simon Peter answered, “You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God.”
17 Jesus replied, “Blessed are you, Simon son of Jonah, for this was not revealed to you by flesh and blood, but by my Father in heaven. 18 And I tell you that you are Peter,[a] and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of Hades[b] will not overcome it. 19 I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven; whatever you bind on earth will be[c] bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be[d] loosed in heaven.”


These verses show that the foundation that the church will be built on will be one. That Jesus is the Son of God. It does not say that it will be built on foundation that he is God. He is not God, he is the son of God. This is the revelation of the father. Who is the father you may ask: 

John 20:17 >>>> Jesus said, "Do not hold on to me, for I have not yet ascended to the 
Father. Go instead to my brothers and tell them, 'I am ascending to my 
Father and your Father, to my God and your God.'"

So Jesus clearly tells us that the father is God. This means that they are not equal. He must ascend to him first.
Jesus also tells us about Eternal life::
John 17:3 >>>> Now this is eternal life: that they know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.
******That is the point where if Jesus was God he would have said that : they may know us the only true God, who has come to save people. But you Know what? He did not meaning he is not God. If Jesus only thought of himself as the son of God who are you A SINNER TO CALL HIM GOD. JESUS IS THE ONE WHO KNOWS GOD NOT YOU!! ******

Instead when the pharisees confronted him about being God he said he was not God but a god (son of the Most High and True God)quoting Psalms 82:6 in:
John 10:34-36:34 Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, You are gods?
 35 If he called them gods, to whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;
 36 Say you of him, whom the Father has sanctified, and sent into the world, You blaspheme; because I said, I am the Son of God?

Psalms 82:6: I have said, You are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.. 

Every prophet in the old testament who did the works of God was a god. Sons of God who die like men. Just like Jesus did. But Jesus is the only begotten Son of God. THE ONLY ONE WHOM THE SPIRIT OF GOD SIRED.


PLEASE JESUS WANTS YOU TO STOP SHUTTING THE DOOR FOR HIS PEOPLE. 
*Matthew 23:13*
"Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You shut the door of the kingdom of heaven in people's faces. You yourselves do not enter, nor will you let those enter who are trying to.

I HAVE WARNED YOU AS A BROTHER THAT YOU MAY REPENT OF YOUR SINS AND BE SAVED. FOR GOD IS A JEALOUS GOD. 
